hello everyone would teach you to make a
paper gun with castle
we need three chickens
with zeal or tape scissors and a
Elastic can
or small
and we will start
doing this
we have to make three and churros from
paper
and put you
maybe it costs us a little but
I put nothing
once it is in half an hour what
We can try to call me
and against
and we put
yes
i
here we have the first one and we have to
do three how are you
here we already have the three and we have them
to do is take one and put one
here
what we have to do this is
much much
this may take time but with
rusty patience
when a lot
now as you can see we have already stuck
everything and what are we going to do this
the scissors cut
here
I am in an asylum
What we have to do now is
terms remember pretty
you always have to try to catch the
thicker part because this can be
break and we have to catch here
and because we have in front
yes
we put them like that
we squeeze
and we double it
so that it stays that way and tighten
what we are going to do now this what
we put like this
and like jealousy
and thus putting more zeal
ah
I would like
[Music]
a great favor
are to ensure that not only
elastic composition can
break it
live day
who now announces work